and and
And on the eighth day, God looked down on his planned paradise and said, I need a caretaker.
So God made a farmer.
God said, I need somebody willing to get up before dawn, milk cows, work all day in the fields, milk cows again, eat supper, then go to town and stay past midnight at a meeting of the school board.
I need somebody with arms strong enough to wrestle a calf and yet gentle enough to deliver his own grandchild.
Somebody to call hogs, tame cantankerous machinery, come home hungry, have to wait lunch until his wife's done feeding visiting ladies, then tell the ladies to be sure and come back real soon, and mean it."
So God made a farmer.
God said, I need somebody willing to sit up all night with a newborn colt and watch it die, then dry his eyes and say, maybe next year.
I need somebody who can shape an axe handle from a persimmon sprout, shoe a horse with a hunk of car tire, who can make harness out of hay wire, feed sacks, and shoe scraps, who, planting time and harvest season, will finish his 40-hour week by Tuesday noon and then pain in from tractor back put in another 72 hours."
So God made a farmer.
God had to have somebody willing to ride the ruts at double speed to get the hay in ahead of the rain clouds and yet stop in midfield and race to help when he sees the first smoke from a neighbor's place.
God said, I need somebody strong enough to clear trees and heave bales, yet gentle enough to yeen lambs and wean pigs and tend the pink-combed pullets who will stop his mower for an hour to splint the broken leg of a meadow lark.
It had to be somebody who'd plow deep and straight and not cut corners, somebody to seed, weed, feed, breed, and rake, and disc, and plow, and plant, and tie the fleece, and strain the milk, and replenish the self-feeder, and finish a hard week's work with a five-mile drive to church.
Somebody who'd bail a family together with a soft, strong bonds of sharing, who would laugh, and then sigh, and then reply with smiling eyes when his son says,
that he wants to spend his life doing what Dad does.
So God made a farmer.
you you
you
Oh.
The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge and the general poor health of America, of the American people, is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us, to ruin maybe America, I don't know, crash the dollar, I don't know, steal the rest of what limited treasury value we have left, I don't know.
But I know for sure
that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary and more importantly never be possible.
Testing, test, test, test, test, test.
Testing one, two, test.
Test one, two, testing.
Test one, two, all of them.
The title of today is all of them.
I put Friday fire hose because I wasn't really sure what I was going to do.
And then suddenly something fell in my lap.
And so I decided to do it.
So here we go.
All of them is the title of this little get down.
All of them.
Only to be with you.
These city walls, these city walls are meant to be with you.
But I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
Heart and lips, velvet healing Fingertips, they burn like fire This burning desire I have spoken with a ton of angels I have held the hand of a devil
♪ But still ♪
Okay.
You haven't found.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Oh, I love it, you guys.
I really love it.
Believe it or not, I got a reason why I played you too.
We are back in the hamster wheel as always, jumping out of bed, running to work, doing our thing and going back to bed again.
I hope this message finds you well.
I hope your consciousness is not being sold to the highest bidder on social media for too long today.
I hope that you are slowly but surely working to take back the control that these charlatans have over us and the power that they have because they inherited it.
I hope that you have removed yourself or have begun to remove yourself from the illusion of social media.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are non-pattern integrities.
It's pretty easy to say it and it's pretty easy to see it once you realize that these smart people have been keeping us pretty passive and obedient by participating in a very lively debate within a limited spectrum that keeps us trapped inside of an illusion, inside of an elaborate mystery mythology.
um they first set us out all alone we hitchhiked and no matter whose car we got in we were going to be told this mystery virus narrative we were going to be told that this was what was going on that the excess deaths could be explained and in fact they can be explained by a whole long list of
of lies about murder and those lies about murder extend to the point where there's no epidemiological evidence of spread and those lies about murder extend to the point where the lawyers that are on our side that purport to be fighting for our grandchildren are actually not because there's some basics some basic arguments they're not making and we've we've dropped a few of those uh the other day in a stream called dear Aaron
If you haven't seen it, please do.
We need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule, about what transfection is and what it always was, and whether RNA can or cannot pandemic.
This illusion of consensus created by these people with the purple and the blue and the red ideas, they're all there to mislead the young.
And most importantly, most importantly, make sure that you understand that they are there to make sure that we teach the young.
That's what it is.
They're coercing adults into teaching the young that this illusion of consensus represents a real reality.
And it doesn't really matter what exact spin on it, what exact sales pitch you choose to use, you're always going to be teaching your kids
a version of this illusion of consensus, which is a limited spectrum of debate, which is how this new totalitarianism is constructed and how our children will be enslaved.
And so it's, our role is still vital.
That's why I have that slide in the beginning.
Our role is to learn from these highly trained acolytes, accept the questions that these acolytes say are important, and then teach our children how those questions are being answered in real time.
So that by the time we realize that it is too late and our children are enslaved like we were,
And right now we have to deal with this added layer of social media and weaponized piles of money using social media against us.
And we have this problem of trying to understand how social media is used against us.
It is a group of people agreeing that other groups of people have the right idea.
And by participating in this, we accept everything about what they're talking about and all of the problems and mysteries.
that they agree are real, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Jonathan Couey.
I'm a recovering academic biologist.
I was a patch clamp physiologist and a biophysicist.
I used to work on small conductance potassium channels and then I moved on to
brain slices and studying neuronal circuitry in preps and also in live mice.
There's a long record of that work on PubMed.
Most of it's in vitro, but regardless, the name comes from that work, the gigaohm seal, the gigaohm biological news brief.
You can find all of the recent work that we've done for the last, I don't know, let's say nine months or so on stream.gigaohm.bio slash home.
There's the course we're working on building.
It takes more reading than you might think to try to make a real biology 101 substitute or replacement or recovery course.
There is an archive of significant videos and also an archive of my friend Housatonic Live there.
So yeah, please check that out.
Please share that, that link as the main link, maybe that you try to share.
If you're going to share something, it doesn't necessarily need to be that, but that's a place where people can download it.
It's a place where, um, things can be, uh,
Things can be seen and viewed without having to log in.
It works pretty smooth.
I know that it can be glitchy, you need to sometimes refresh it.
But I do think overall it's a pretty decent platform for a...
amateur kind of, you know, just our thing.
Peertube is a open source deal on GitHub that you can see how it works.
You could also, I guess, go there and get the code and find out how hackable it is or something like that.
I haven't updated the support list in a while.
It's over there, I guess.
And I apologize for that.
But we are making preparations for not this weekend, but next weekend when we're having our first live live
There are people coming from as far away as Switzerland to be here.
There are some people that are threatening to come from Canada.
And there are also some people that are coming in for the Brownstone meeting that may be altering their schedule or already being here until Monday, having Sunday wide open for, you know, sightseeing and that kind of thing.
And it might be the perfect time to catch these people and get them out to Bethel Park.
I hope you'll take the risk.
We're not charging for entry or anything like that.
There's a 250 person capacity and we're at about 25 right now, give or take 40.
So if all the people that say they're coming are coming, I think we'll still have plenty of room.
We might run out of some of the gift bags or we might not have as many door prizes as people come in.
But, you know, it's going to be one of those things I've tried to make it very clear.
You should not expect anything.
You should come to this as a kind of family gathering that you don't have very high expectations for the food.
And I think you'll be satisfied.
Scott Schara will be there as the keynote speaker with his wife.
And we also have Mark Kulak, president of Housatonic ITS, who's doing brilliant work right now,
And Joe Marshall from the Liberty Perspective on Rumble, who I think also does very strong work, especially with regard to the kind of language games that are played.
And you may or may not be aware of this, but Joe has a book, it's called The Last Call for Liberty.
You can find that also on his website.
And so it's the Liberty Perspective on Rumble.
And Scott Shara has a Rumble channel called Deprogramming with Grace's Dad.
And of course you can find Housatonic in a lot of places, Bitchute, Odyssey, Rumble.
He's kind of one of those dudes who knows how to put his stuff in lots of places.
You know, after five years of developing these kinds of habits and sticking to them, you get pretty good at it.
Mark's one of those guys that, you know, his archive is another example where you just, you know, you do it and you keep doing it and you do it with a certain level of organization and a certain level of attention to detail.
And after five years, you can have a pretty impressive sandbox.
You can have a pretty impressive sandcastle.
You can have a pretty impressive,
I don't know, greenhouse.
You can have a pretty impressive backyard.
And so what that website, in my humble opinion, represents is just a very meticulous, thorough, and also relentless kind of pursuit of archiving the truth.
And so kudos to Mark.
I know he's probably on a roof not hearing this, but anyway, I'm just really happy that a lot of these friends of mine that I've met from a distance and seen from a distance and brought into my life from a distance are all going to come together and be some of them even in my house for dinner.
It's just really great.
I'm really excited about that.
That's November 3rd.
And remember that if you really wanted to throw money out the window, you could spend like $500 on a ticket and attend the Brownstone meeting for two days.
That would be Friday all day and Saturday all day and see, you know, exciting panels on science like Robert Malone and Brett Weinstein.
I'm not sure what I'm going to do while I'm there.
I might put headphones in if I can't handle it anymore and click the noise reduction on.
I don't know.
But I'm excited about the weekend because of how many friends are coming together, how many people are going to be in our house and around our neighborhood.
And that's just really exciting.
So the title of today's show is All of Them.
That should probably be a capital T there.
and all of them end up working for the slavers is actually the under thing there and that's why I thought it would be really funny to start the show with you too because I don't think if you go all the way back to war or to some of their other earlier albums now they're all slipping my mind I used to really like you too when I was a lifeguard on a beach
Lake Wasota and on the Yellow River in Kadat, Wisconsin.
And if you look that up on Google or anywhere else, you're going to find that I was not a Baywatch lifeguard.
I worked on the side of a river, so it was pretty mundane.
Sometimes there would be as many as eight little kids in the water with a couple parents.
It was not a huge beach, but it was a wonderful summer job.
Anyway, and I listened to a lot of radio at that time.
And at that time, you know, U2, I think, was still kind of just a pop band from Ireland or wherever they're from.
Anyway, all of them eventually work for the slavers.
And I think today what I want to do is especially try to address this slide.
Sorry about that.
This slide that I used in the beginning
which is this is skillful social media use.
You see this guy sitting in an elaborate chair that moves around in response to his joystick movements and to his pedal inputs.
And the goggles, although there's a screen in front of him, the goggles are actually providing him with a 3D view that's responsive to his head position.
And so it's a very engaging sort of starship battle.
and in reality that is what x is that especially something like x but also telegram or any of these other places like signal where you think you're in a group with a group of people when in reality you've gone into a theater
and a magic show and a lot of the people that are in the audience are also in on the gag and so if the audience members all go like that you shouldn't be so surprised because actually they're working with the people on stage if some of the audience members pretend to
inhale a gas and die, you shouldn't be surprised because there are audience members that are part of the show, but you're not aware of it.
That's how intense some of these social media platforms have become.
A Discord server, for example, or a Telegram group, or even a Signal Chat could be 150 members of which only eight are real.
And yet you are being led to believe that this is a spontaneous assembly of people that all think the same and are arguing and discussing things.
And on this level of deception and military operation, you can never know for sure unless every one of those people in that group is somebody that you sat down at a table with, that you have their cell phone number, that you also exchange emails with, and they're the only people in that group chat.
Otherwise, you've got no idea.
Absolutely none.
And that is true, especially for DM groups on Twitter, where half of them could be anonymous, in Discord servers, or in Telegram groups, or in signal chats.
It's extraordinary how vulnerable we are to this manipulation, this illusion of consensus that is not at all a consensus.
It could be only three people pretending to be 12 that invited you into that signal chat just for you.
I think that this has happened to me more than once.
And so all of them is a keep it real study hall, actually.
And the reason why I say keep it real is because I want to look at a particular podcast
called the Keep It Real podcast because it caught my attention and it I think presents a very teachable moment here in terms of how this is done.
Now remember I started the stream with you two and I tried to make the argument that you two probably all wasn't always working for the UN.
U2 probably wasn't always sold out to George Soros or to Blackwater or Blackrock or State Street or whoever they're sold out to.
They weren't always on the team of the WEF.
I'm sure of it.
Because that's not how this works.
And so the person that got my attention was actually somebody who I did not download the video.
I was going to do that.
But the first time that she caught my attention was actually, um, when number one, it seemed like she popped up in my, in my YouTube algorithm, even though I don't really have any fitness people in my YouTube algorithm, I only have
The only thing I ever really click on are basketball coaches or basketball drills.
I've never clicked on yoga or anything like that.
I don't have, even though my wife has a YouTube channel that's yoga, I don't have that.
And my stream or my feed on YouTube is curated.
Like I tell it all the time, don't show me that.
And so it was weird that this program popped in and that was a while back already, maybe two months ago.
But then this week I saw this podcast pop in, it's called Keep It Real.
And this podcast, I got the pink line there, you know, my life has never been the same and it was a vaccine injury lady.
Now, the reason why this I found curious was because this vaccine injury lady was promoted by CHD recently.
And so I recognized the face instantly.
And so I went to this podcast and the first 15 or 20 minutes of it just absolutely blew my mind.
I was like, how is it possible that all these words are being put together like this now?
in 2024 by this person who, where did she catch my eye?
She caught my eye because she was part of this most recent Senate hearing where this brother and sister, son-worshiping doctor siblings were there.
And Jordan Peterson's daughter was there.
And this lady was there, this Jillian Michaels or something like that, the one on the right.
And then the vaccine injured one is on the left.
And so I just went to her YouTube channel.
I'm like, what is striking me as strange immediately was obvious because the first episode that I just noticed was episode 14.
Episode 13 is with Dave Rubin.
Uh-oh.
And episode 12 was with Anna Kasparian.
She's that person who just recently decided that she was gonna go from the blue team to the red team, like a few other people we know.
And episode nine was with Matt Walsh.
Oh, now I know that that guy is probably connected to some of this.
theater on the internet.
I'm pretty sure that Ruben is connected to Bret Weinstein directly as a founding member of the intellectual dark web.
He's in the original photo with Peterson and Rogan and Shapiro.
It's strange, right?
So I keep looking and then, oh, episode five is Sabine Hazan
who's this gut microbiome lady who, her claim to fame, the reason why anybody paid attention to her in the first place, do you remember?
Is because she sequenced the whole genome of SARS-CoV-2 from a gut sample.
That's correct.
I bet you didn't know that.
That was her first claim to fame.
And then she was talking about how people that take the shot are losing the bifidobacteria or whatever she's saying now.
and you know she just casually admits that she's involved in over 200 clinical trials right now um so then i go to episode four and i'm like oh no you got to be kidding me episode four keeping it real with julian michaels is with drew pinsky in a shiny suit
Oh, and then it gets worse, of course, because episode two is actually with Callie Means.
This is the guy, the brother of the girl who were both on Tucker and who both got to go on Joe Rogan and who both were in front of Senator Ron Johnson's committee with Bobby Kennedy Jr.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and all these people were just in front of
the Senate before or more recently, she more recently, him more recently, these two more recently.
It might've even been the same week of this podcast for all I know, because that's all in 2024.
So here's where it gets crazy.
The very first podcast episode is with Michael Schellenberger.
You can find some pretty interesting podcasts with none other than Brett Weinstein and Michael Schellenberger.
Michael Schellenberger was running for something.
that's her very first podcast i think it says two months ago there could be three but it's all in 2024 you can see the pink lines right so what i mean with all of them eventually at some point work for the slavers is exactly why i chose that um youtube song youtube you too song for the beginning uh
beginning tunes because at some point YouTube was recruited by the weaponized piles of money and their acolytes to be part of the ruling structure on social media, the ruling structure on television, the ruling structure of the world, and they gladly accepted.
I don't know if the whole band accepted or just Bono, but they weren't always part of the show.
And I don't think she was always part of the show.
In fact, if we go back to 2019, you will see that it's fitness video after fitness video, and most of the thumbnails are her on a fitness mat.
And there's actually five years of this.
Some of the videos get hundreds of thousands of views.
Some only get 30,000 views in five years.
But she has been busy.
And she has a whole catalog of work that she has done.
It looks like she's kept herself in shape.
She looks like she's tried to share it with others.
She looks like a legit cool lady.
And then I thought to myself, well, then what happened during the pandemic?
And so I just kept looking.
You can go through everybody's entire video catalog, right?
All the videos that are not private are just listed in chronological order.
If you go to the video tab on their channel.
So you go fast forward to 2021 and the Keep It Real podcast.
Here's the number one, if you can see my arrow, here's the number one episode that was two months ago with Michael Schellenberger that I have right here.
And if I go back to 2021, I see this little episode right down here.
There's all, can you see all the...
Can you see all the fitnesses?
Fitness, fitness, fitness, fitness, fitness, fitness.
She's got the same black outfit on.
She looks like she could kick my ass.
Like she's a hard fitness lady.
But right down here, I see something really funny.
What is that?
Oh.
Virologist Vincent Ranson Yellow on vaccine side effects, booster shots, antivirals, and more with Jillian Michaels.
And several months later, what is this?
Two or three years later, we've got, keeping it real, the first episode with Michael Schellenberger.
Hmm.
So I don't think she was always on the bad team.
I don't even know if she knows she's on the bad team.
Somebody might've just said, hey, we see that you've been on YouTube for a long time, but you're not really getting anywhere.
Are you kind of giving up on it?
we're looking for some new people and we got a whole lineup of guests for you if you can interview them and you know be cool that's how it works that's how it might have worked with me had i shown the right propensity to tell the right stories to accept the right mentors to accept the right direction this might have been me
I might've been given a whole list of people that I just had to call and they would appear on my show and I could just do podcasts and it would rise.
She's got one that has over 700,000 views now with Matt Walsh.
So, you know, she's got a few, she's doing better than she did before by maybe a factor of 10 with some videos.
And again, I'm not saying she's bad.
I'm saying this is how it works.
And so was Vincent on her show to find out whether she would be a good one for that side?
Was he trying to figure out, okay, is this gonna be a lady that we can use or is this gonna be a lady that Robert Malone's team's gonna have to use?
Maybe I'll go on her stream first and see what's up.
So that's where we are, keeping it real, all of them study hall.
Let's check these videos out because I think you're gonna love them.
I think you're really gonna love the insight that they provide.
I think you're really going to enjoy the insight that they provide you in terms of seeing where we are and how we've been bamboozled.
Just give me my hard drive a second to find all these videos.
I'm going to have to empty this folder I think.
It's getting too big.
It's really grinding there.
Sorry about that.
I have to put this on a different... Good to see everybody in the chat.
I'm really happy you guys are here.
I don't know why this is taking so long.
Why can't it find the thing?
I'm just going to use this to do it.
So let's do the virology one first.
All right, team, today on Keeping It Real, our conversation is with Professor Vincent Racaniello from Columbia University, and he is one of the preeminent virologists
in the world, literally the foremost expert.
All right, team.
Now remember, oops, sorry.
Remember that her episode number one, Keeping It Real, was with Michael Schellenberger about two and a half months ago or three months ago.
So here she is, and it's very important to see that, with already an inset logo that says Keeping It Real, as if that podcast already existed.
And I think you need to consider the possibility that this was her first audition.
This was her first screen test for whether or not she might be useful for the needs that they have.
You know, kind of a Shannon Joy, kind of Epi Girl.
you know, whatever we need kind of podcasts that will just kind of absorb with a lot of energy and enthusiasm, whatever anybody says about bifidobacteria or the censorship of doctors on the internet or something like that.
I really think that's what you can see here if you look carefully.
All right, team, today on Keeping It Real, our conversation is with Professor Vincent Recagniello from Columbia University.
And he is one of the preeminent virologists in the world, literally the foremost expert on viruses, or one of, top of the top.
So let me start.
We're not gonna watch the whole video.
We're just gonna watch the first 10 or 15 minutes, and then we're gonna watch the first 10 or 15 minutes of that video with the vaccine person that just came out this week to compare where we are, right?
Start by saying that, yes, of course, we're going to be talking about COVID and don't switch off.
There's new information, information that's extremely hopeful and clear information, but most importantly, there is no bias.
And we bring no bias to this podcast.
So, for people who are not vaccinated for people who are vaccinated.
respect your opinion.
I understand the legitimate fears and concerns.
I think it's critical that the media and the political parties get out of our health care decisions.
I think the spread of misinformation because there are a variety of agendas out there are making the situation
that much more difficult and that much more dangerous.
So I wanted to have Professor Rockin' Yellow on to just give you pure information without bias, without an agenda, so you can make the best decision for yourself and your family.
Now, I just want to point out that when I had my thing in my throat and my voice sounded like a frog, I couldn't talk like this because I would run out of breath.
Um, so she sounds like she's in shape and remember that she was an athlete before this.
So, um, it's, I'm just trying to make sure you see what I see to make sure that when I point out what I see again, you know, we're not, we're, we're not disagreeing, or at least, you know, what I'm talking about.
And you can protect yourself and your family going forward, whether or not you choose to get the vaccine.
There's still a lot that we can do, and there's still a lot to know.
So we're gonna jump right in with Professor Vincent Racaniello.
All right, guys, we are back with Professor Vincent Racaniello.
And we are going to- He doesn't look comfortable.
From the very first moment, he doesn't look comfortable and he will never look comfortable.
Just notice that.
We're talking about all things viruses.
Yes, COVID is included.
Yes, the vaccine is included.
And Professor Racaniello, as you know, as I mentioned, I saw you on one of my favorite podcasts, Lex Fridman's podcast.
Lex Friedman!
That is funny.
That's also, you know, that's a sign.
That's a sign.
That's like saying Twitter.
I like Twitter.
And you explained viruses, vaccines,
And he actually explained that, number one, his wife worked on ivermectin for 20 years at Merck on Lex Friedman's podcast.
Number two, he also explained on Lex Friedman's podcast, the three-hour version of it, that ivermectin was being tested in conjunction with remdesivir at some hospitals in New York City.
Go ahead and find it for yourself.
I don't watch those podcasts for nothing, and I remember when I watch.
And when he was on the Lex Friedman podcast, those are two big takeaways.
His wife worked for Merck on ivermectin for 20 years, and two, ivermectin was being tested with remdesivir in hospitals in New York City.
everything in between in a way that I've never heard anyone do that made it very clear, very concise, and was totally unbiased.
So first off, welcome to the show.
Thank you for having me.
And you were mentioning to me just a moment ago, that you have about 100,000 subscribers to your YouTube channel on your podcast.
And it's called This Week in Virology.
That's right.
That's one of the podcasts we do.
And because of the pandemic, as you might guess, we've had a huge jump in the number of people listening in.
So we're about to hit that magic number, 100K.
Um, but a hundred thousand subscribers for a podcast on virology, I think says a lot more about you.
Do you see what I mean by, by it?
We need somebody who can respond to the guests with enthusiasm and make it really seem significant.
Wow.
That's what we need.
Can you do that for us?
Then the pandemic, because there's so much information out there right now.
And the fact that you've aggregated an audience when there's so much noise out there says so much about the way you communicate your information, which is another reason I'm so excited to have you on.
So I want to start from the beginning.
I think most of us don't even know what a virus is, right?
Yeah.
Is it an animal?
What is it?
What actually is it?
That's a good question.
It's something different from everything else.
It's something really small you can't see that is not a cell.
So we're made of cells, right?
It's not a cell.
It's much smaller.
It's a little piece of nucleic acid, right?
DNA or RNA.
It's a little piece of that wrapped up in a protein and it needs to get inside of a cell to make more of itself.
And that's what a virus is.
And the thing that really surprised me when the whole pandemic began, and we began to talk to way more people, is that most people don't realize that they're all over, that you're full of them.
You, Jillian, have many viruses in you.
I do right now, and we're okay.
And every living thing on the planet has viruses.
That's just the way it is.
They're everywhere.
What makes one out of the, I don't know, should I say trillions?
I mean, I remember you mentioning something about seawater having gazillions of viruses in a tablespoon or something.
I'm sure I'm getting this wrong.
This is from the, I'm paraphrasing what I remember from Lex's podcast, but I remember being
Say Lex again, say Lex again, I dare you.
So it's like if we're surrounded by viruses and we're inundated with viruses, why is one destroying the planet?
What is it about that virus or the handful of viruses that are different than the trillions of others?
Yeah, that's a good way of putting it.
So most viruses
don't hurt us.
They pass through us.
You know, all the viruses in the ocean pretty much don't hurt us.
It's the ones that are closer.
So first of all, mammals like us, they have lots of viruses.
And those are the ones we tend to get, and we get them by accident.
So mice and bats, as you know, they have a ton of viruses.
And should we encounter them, we could get their viruses.
So we get viruses from mice now and then.
and everybody has mice in their house.
I catch them all the time and I'm risking getting some virus.
And it's just by accident that they have some virus that happens to be able to infect humans.
It's just an accident.
There's no point to it because those mice have their own viruses and the viruses do really well in mice.
But if a human touches the mouse or if a human touches a bat, it might get one of their viruses.
And every now and then, it just happens to be the right one to take off and infect lots and lots of people.
So it's just an accident.
There's nothing more than that.
So that's fair.
I can follow that.
But I'm with you so far.
But OK, I've got trillions living inside me, right?
Trillions, who knows?
Billions, zillions?
You have a lot.
Why are those not taking over my cells the way COVID would take over my cells?
What's I don't get?
So COVID is new to us, right?
It's just, wow.
December, 2019.
So those other viruses aren't replicating or are those viruses just replicating, but our cells don't give a shit.
You see how awkward this is.
I don't think that she knows any better.
She's asking questions that he doesn't want her to ask.
He's taught.
She's talking about a background, a gigantic thick background of RNA coded
lipid particles, right?
Lipoprotein particles.
She's talking about a very, very hot background on which supposedly we can use PCR to pull up a signal that is significantly different than that background, even though that background must be replicating in some cells.
That background must be doing something.
I want you to think about how significant this is already, how awkward it is already, how ham-fisted this is already.
He's not even differentiating between those viral signals that are replicating in our own microbiome, the bacteria that live inside of our gut, and those viruses that might be replicating either in our epithelium or elsewhere.
There may be almost no viruses that are replicating in our own cells.
And the vast majority of all RNA signals at that timescale may be composed of particles that are replicating in our own microbiome.
The same is potentially true for our lungs.
We have a very, very big problem.
But if we carefully examine the recent past, we can find really, really stark evidence for this problem exposed.
And it reveals the incredible exaggeration and the lack of fidelity of understanding that is actually hidden behind this virus narrative.
And so it's going to be a very awkward transition to talk about transfection and transformation.
if he's already so awkward talking about this, maybe we should go back a few seconds to make sure we catch that.
at their viruses.
So we get viruses from mice now and then, and everybody has mice in their house.
I catch them all the time and I'm risking.
We get viruses from mice all the time.
Everybody has mice in their house.
What kind of bullshit is that?
Getting some virus.
And it's just by accident that they have some virus that happens to be able to infect humans.
It's just an accident.
There's no point to it because those mice have their own viruses and the viruses do really well in mice.
But if a human touches the mouse or if a human touches a bat, it might get one of their viruses.
And, you know, every now and then it just happens to be the right one to take off and infect lots and lots of people.
So it's just an accident.
There's nothing more than that.
So that's fair.
I can follow that.
But I'm with you so far.
But OK, I've got trillions living inside me, right?
Trillions, who knows?
Billions, zillions.
You have a lot.
Why are those not taking over my cells the way COVID would take over my cells?
What's I don't get?
So COVID is new to us, right?
It's just, you know, December 2019 or thereabouts, it found humans.
And so it's kind of feeling its way around, to put it in one way.
It's not gotten used to us.
All the viruses that we have in us that are okay with us and we're okay with them, they've been with us a long time, probably before we were even humans.
So they've had a long time to settle things out and kind of come to an agreement, you know,
So the argument actually is, I hope you can hear it, that RNA has been pandemicing continuously despite our best efforts evolutionarily to stop it.
Despite all of the layers of the immune system being thrown at this signal from different species for, in their model, thousands of generations.
Despite all of that effort, there's still this group of not animals, can't quite come up with the right word because if he had the right word, it wouldn't apply.
They're not pattern integrities.
A molecule can't do this.
It doesn't matter whether they have a fear and cleavage site or not.
This is nonsense.
And yet here he is telling you that this process of an RNA molecule being able to pandemic has been going on
in perpetuity since the beginning of our history.
So this whole story is based on the same thing that we discussed the other day after the Aaron, the dear Aaron Siri part, we discussed this idea of evolution because DNA, and then now everything is solved and all the answers are genes.
And what you could better call genes are gears, because if you call them gears, then it'll make a lot more sense when I say that you can't just call everything a gene.
But every time somebody morphs the meaning of that word or expands the umbrella coverage that that word can signify,
We are more and more admitting that this whole model of genes and determinist biology is really just the bullshit watchmaker analogy.
It's a bullshit watchmaker analogy.
It doesn't matter how many beautiful Swiss watches you make, how many different examples you put out there.
Those aren't ever going to become more Swiss watches, not in a million years.
You might inspire a bunch of people to make shittier copies that use some of the mechanisms that are in that Swiss watch, but inevitably the copies won't be as good as the original if they're not made that way.
There's no way that this watch or ten Swiss watches that are let out in the wild and exposed to all the people that can make watches are going to become a hundred more complicated watches and then after that a thousand more complicated watches.
Not all by themselves.
And yet that is the idea.
That once you have DNA then you can have evolution and you can start from one cell and get to
This.
That's why Teilhard de Chardin goes so all in on the pith down man and went all and would have gone all in on the discovery of DNA.
Because these discoveries allow him to frame creation as a process set in motion by God.
A process set in motion by God that may still be ongoing.
And that revealing that truth is something that God did.
So that if humankind is a phenomenon, is going to rise to the occasion that God calls it to, then we're going to have to take control of the reigns of that phenomenon.
And it goes all the way back to evolution because DNA.
Because if there's evolution, and evolution is the process by which God created us, then it is also a process that God bequeathed upon us.
gave to us, revealed the knowledge of.
And so we're under an obligation to take this responsibility seriously.
That's the argument that they make in those back rooms when they bring you two in and they say, hey Bono, hey, what do they call you, the edge?
Yeah, and you're the bassist and you play drums.
Yeah, so we need some help with the kids.
We need some help with the kids.
And we're looking to get together, you know, sort of a worldwide outlook on the future.
And, you know, taking care of the environment and not polluting and cleaning up stuff and feeding the poor.
And you guys are kind of into that.
And we'll make you rich if you help us and the UN do it.
Seems innocent enough in the 90s.
And so, you know, talking to the most famous virologist on earth.
Oh, what an opportunity.
You could start a podcast with this.
Ah, what could I call it?
Keeping it real.
That's a great idea.
Maybe I need to make a logo before Friday when I'm interviewing Vincent.
It's still available on YouTube, ladies and gentlemen.
You can just go find these videos and the...
the sting operation becomes more and more visible the more you look with intention.
I'm gonna live here, and if you let me do that, I'm not gonna hurt you.
That's kind of the agreement that's been worked out.
Of course, it doesn't work that way, but that's the way I look at it.
Whereas SARS-CoV-2 is brand new to people, and we're still negotiating.
And maybe in 25, 50 years- Look at her face.
twice are living with us a long time probably before we were even human so they've had a long time to settle so they have been with us probably before we were human evolution is real because of dna evolution is real because of dna evolution is real because biology 101
I'm not going to hurt you.
That's kind of the agreement that's been worked out.
Of course, it doesn't work that way, but that's the way I look at it.
Whereas SARS-CoV-2, I'm not going to hurt you.
That's kind of the agreement that's been worked out.
Of course, it doesn't work that way.
But that's the way I look at it.
Whereas SARS-CoV-2, I'm not going to hurt you.
is brand new to people, and we're still negotiating.
And maybe in 25, 50 years... Look at all those expressions.
Look at all those expressions.
They're so useful.
They really draw the viewer in.
This is a great audition.
We won't think twice about it.
But when viruses first come into people from some animal, they're pretty vicious because they're not used to it and we're not used to them.
But all the ones we have, the trillions that you refer to, we're used to it.
Plus, our immune system, right, is really good at keeping them down.
Because if you get, say, an organ transplant and you have to take drugs that suppress
your immune system so you don't reject the organ, then all these viruses rear up and cause big problems because the immune system is no longer there to keep them in check.
So those are the things that make the viruses in us okay and brand new ones, not so much.
Okay.
I had seen on another podcast that over time, these infections, these viruses are supposed to get
better at infecting us, but more benign, less dangerous.
And so the debate about whether viruses start out more virulent and then become less virulent because they don't kill their host, this biological debate
presupposes the existence of pathogenic RNA molecules, of free-range RNA molecules, of potentially gain-of-function RNA molecules with fear and cleavage sites and HIV inserts.
And so the argument is that even a gain-of-function virus will eventually become okay in the background of endemicity.
And so just in case you can't see it, just in case you need to hear it, was she scripted?
Is this a thing?
I don't know, but I know for sure that she's not going to get out if she accepts this limited spectrum of debate about what viruses do when they first start out in a naive population.
Do they start out nasty and become nice or are they nice and then become nasty is the most ridiculous debate about what a,
RNA molecule does when released in a population.
it for I'm guessing the reason you just explained which is like hey I want to stay in my host longer.
I don't want to kill you because if I kill you it doesn't benefit me.
But then covid seems to be going the opposite way with variants that seem to be more dangerous which is counterintuitive to me and then you get all the rumors of like oh it's you know.
It's engineered.
This isn't typical behavior.
I know that people have said that viruses, they change.
They change all the time.
It's very typical.
But... Vincent is not enjoying this.
Stop, Julian.
Do they change and become more benign, right, as you mentioned?
Or is it common that you get these strains that are more nefarious?
Nefarious?
They're nefarious.
They're nefarious viruses.
Can you imagine if we had gain-of-function nefarious viruses?
Whoa, that would be scary.
So I don't think COVID is getting more nefarious.
I think it's too early and it's too soon to make those conclusions.
I should make that into a clip.
The kind of observations they're based on are going to turn out not to be right.
In fact, you know, when Delta first emerged, some people claimed it was
more serious, right?
Yeah, Doc.
I mean, like crazy time.
Yeah, I know.
But now we're getting first, it's too soon to make those conclusions.
And the kind of observations they're based on are going to turn out not to be right.
In fact, you know, when Delta first emerged, some people claimed it was
more serious, right?
Yeah, Doc.
I mean, like crazy time.
Yeah, I know.
But now we're getting reports that it's not.
It's probably just the same as all the others.
So it's, you know, when you have this rapid information coming out during a pandemic, not all of it is right.
And that's why, like you said earlier, we try and sort this out on our podcast.
Gee, I wonder if this is actually an audition for for him.
and whether he can do tours or not.
Because actually after this, you know, they pretty much make him the host of everything instead of the other way around where, you know, he might not be as adept as Robert Malone or Jessica Rose at going on podcasts and sort of bouncing off the kind of random questions that the probably naive hosts are asking if and if they're
They're going off of a script.
It's still them trying to make it feel natural.
And so in this case, the rambling can often get Vincent into deep water that he can't swim out of.
Give people the right information.
And we're very critical.
And we have time.
We have an hour or two.
Our podcast is long.
So I think you're right.
Over time, viruses that jump from animals into people, they become less able to cause serious disease.
But it doesn't disappear, right?
We have polio that's been around for thousands of years and it can still paralyze you, right?
But I mean, for the most part, polio is benign in most people.
I'm curious about, hold on one second.
I'm just going to check this out.
Hmm.
I have a medical dictionary here from a while back.
And I think Vincent just said that it's been around for thousands of years.
Hold on a second.
I think you're right.
Over time, viruses that jump from animals into people, they become less able to cause serious disease.
But it doesn't disappear, right?
We have polio that's been around for thousands of years, and it can still paralyze you.
Got the wrong one, sorry.
I got a couple books here I'm gonna whip out and we'll just see what's up I think that's on the right one so I can probably just switch over to this camera right yes but I gotta put myself down here okay
So the first book is this medical dictionary, encyclopedia, four volume thing from 1902.
And I'm not saying that, you know, I could, you know, you just make fun of me, right?
If you want, I don't care.
I'm just going to look up to see if there's an, it's been around for, play what?
Right.
But I mean, for the most part, polio is benign in most people, but just now and then you get paralyzed.
Measles can still cause problems.
So polio is benign in most people.
Sounds like asymptomatic transmission to me.
Polio.
I mean, if it's in here, I'm happy, right?
Poli.
Polioencephalitis.
Okay, so let's see what it says.
Here we go.
Polio is here.
Polyencephalitis.
is the inflammation of the brain, the gray matter of the cerebral cortex.
The polioencephalitis is the inflammation of the gray matter of the cerebral cortex.
It says go back up to that.
Poliomyelencephalitis is the poliomyelitis associated with polyencephalitis.
So polyencephalitis, polioencephalitis,
Poliomyelencephalitis.
Poliomyelitis.
Destructive inflammation of the larger multipolar ganglion cells in the anterior corona of the spinal cord occurring chiefly in children during their first dentition.
It deprives certain muscles and often entire limbs of muscular power and parts affected undergo rapid atrophy.
Okay, so it's there.
It's good.
I see.
Thousands of years it was with us.
I'm gonna check one more book.
Polio.
Maybe I have to look it up in the index.
I don't know.
This is a really cool book.
This book is called Domestic Medicine, Medical Practice, and it's from 1904, I think.
Maybe 20, maybe 1914.
Polio in the back.
Index, polio, polio, polio, polio.
It's not in here.
You can't treat it, apparently, then.
It's not in there.
Payers Patches is, though.
Page 68.
Interesting.
Wonder what they knew about Payers Patches back in 1900.
Page 68.
Dictionary of Drugs, Anatomy and Physiology.
Ooh, wow.
They knew about it already back then?
68.
I'm just going to put this under the... I don't know how easy it's going to be to put it under here.
It's a gigantic book.
Let's see if I can find the place where they're talking about the parent.
Besides these,
Small glands which are found either alone, the solitary glands are together forming Peyer's patches and Brunner's glands and Lieberkuhn's follicles, all of which together secrete the intestinal juice whose principal action is to lubricate the food.
Interesting.
So, there they are mentioned already from the perspective of the veins and arteries and sort of anatomy of the gut.
They already knew that Peyer's patches were there.
So, I'm just going to go back to this and get going.
It's just a random study hall to try and figure out what the hell's going on.
Remember that this lady very recently was in front of the Senate as somebody speaking out against something and in need of a microphone, just like Jordan Peterson's daughter was, and just like Callie Means and his sister were, all people that really needed a microphone in front of Senator Ron Johnson to get in the congressional record.
And this is one of them.
And this is from 2021 when she interviewed
Vincent Rack and Yellow kind of out of the blue.
If you look at her YouTube channel, there's no reason to think that the person in the black leotard doing the jazzercise is going to be interviewing Vincent Rack and Yellow and has a podcast called Keeping It Real.
There's nothing there.
There are no other videos around it where she's in a normal outfit with a big microphone in front of her doing the keep it real podcast.
Do you understand that?
That didn't happen until almost two years later, three years later, where she does it with Michael Schellenberger or whatever his name is and calls that episode one.
Do you see what I'm seeing here?
But I think over time, in general, viruses get to be more adapted to their host.
And the ones that are more recent, so take Ebola.
Every time Ebola jumps over into people, horrible disease, right?
It never has a chance to change and get better in terms of disease because... Because Robert Malone's team shows up and ring-vaccinates all the villages around the outbreak, and that's what prevents the spread.
it then disappears, we get rid of it, and then the next time it's a new spillover from animals.
So I think my idea is that over time, yes, viruses become more benign, but not zero.
It's not zero.
I don't think they ever get more virulent.
That doesn't make any sense to me.
To kill your host faster doesn't make any sense.
Okay.
You bring up different viruses throughout history, measles, polio.
Was the plague, was that a virus or a bacteria or we don't even know?
The plague was a bacterium, yeah.
A bacterium.
Spanish flu was a flu, a virus.
I feel as though, I wasn't alive for any of this, but
You had measles, it seemed to kill kids, right?
Measles.
But they didn't shut down the globe.
Why?
And they didn't with the Spanish flu.
Was that just because we were a more callous species?
Or I wonder, has the COVID response, what are your thoughts on the COVID response?
And before we even get to the vaccine, you're shutting it down.
Masks seem like a small price to pay.
Oh, they work really well or not like.
What do you think about the way we've handled this globally?
Because it seems like masks seem like a small price to pay, whether they are super, they work really well or not.
Because it seems like we've had things that are more dangerous throughout history and didn't respond this way.
But I mean, nobody knows because there's so much misinformation and so much agenda.
There's no clean information.
Yeah, well, part of the problem is that Earth's population is now huge.
It's bigger than it's ever been, right?
And so that's actually contradictory, right?
Because if you're going to say that the virus is constantly evolving, then the more people that the virus goes through, the more likely it is it's going to do whatever they say, which is, I guess, become less virulent and more efficient at replication or something like that.
It's going to be less deadly.
And so the more people on the planet means it's going to be harder for a virus to sustain its novelty.
You can't have it both ways.
It doesn't make sense.
But they definitely, they definitely have it both ways.
potential impacts of viruses are greater.
You know, there probably were plenty of viral outbreaks many years ago, but there were far fewer people.
There was no news.
News didn't travel around the world, but it took forever to find out things that happened across the pond.
So if that was the case, then every time somebody got on a ship and got off the ship, most of the people on the ship should have gotten deathly ill.
Every time a colony ship landed somewhere like in Africa to, I don't know, buy some slaves and load up their ship, they should have gotten all kinds of viruses and the sailors on that slave ship should have been dead by the time the thing landed.
Or the slaves should have gotten a virus and they should have all been dead.
not dying of starvation or being chained to the bottom of a boat with seawater in it and shit and piss all over, but dead from the viruses that they've never seen because the sailors had never landed there before.
It's so bizarre.
I don't really understand how it's possible.
you know, 1918 flu, we tried to shut things down.
You know, we're just coming off a war.
It wasn't very easy.
So, that really caused a lot of havoc.
But before then, there were certainly pandemics.
We don't have a good record of them because before 1900, we didn't even know what a virus was.
So, you know, with few people, you have less potential impact.
I think
There are many reasons why, to answer your question, we had the response that we had for this one.
One is the population of the world is huge and there are a lot of susceptible people that can die.
And there's also a lot of communication and news travels really quickly.
And then we have politics, which is all wrapped up.
I mean, the most dangerous thing about sailing on a ship during those days was getting scurvy.
It wasn't the novel viruses that you were going to get exposed to three months later when you landed on a new continent.
It was the scurvy.
If we had 7 billion people 200 years ago and a virus were introduced, you would hear about it.
But we didn't.
The population of the world was far, far smaller.
And I think that's a big part of it.
I understand.
I'm going to shift gears on you for a second.
Obviously, you know, the controversy surrounding the vaccine is huge.
And I'm not passing judgment.
I'm personally vaccinated.
I had COVID.
With that said,
what ending the vaccine is huge.
And I'm not passing judgment.
I'm personally vaccinated.
I had COVID.
With that said, you know, I have friends that are not friends that hate people that that are not.
You know, I don't pass judgment.
I just want people to get clean information because I think both sides have misinformation.
And I'd like to play devil's advocate with you if that's okay.
Number one, it doesn't work.
People are still getting sick.
People are still getting sick, but really few people are getting sick, and whenever they do, that's what you get reported, right?
I didn't hear it.
Did she claim vaccine injury?
Personally vaccinated, I had COVID.
With that said, you know, I have friends that are not, friends that hate people that are not.
I don't pass judgment.
I just want people to get clean information because I think both sides have misinformation.
And I'd like to play devil's advocate with you, if that's okay.
Number one, it doesn't work.
People are still getting sick.
People are still getting sick?
Okay, I'm stopping it.
I need to figure that out.
That question needs to be figured out.
Let's do...
um julian michaels oh wow oh my gosh oh no way no freaking way okay so look here's what i'm talking about this is exactly what i'm talking about look
I didn't do enough research before doing this show.
I just went on because I wanted to do a show.
Check this out.
So I'm going on YouTube.
Why are you doing that, you demon?
Just go.
I'm going on YouTube.
Here's the video we're watching right now.
Vaccine victim exposes, or the one I wanna watch.
And you'll notice that there in that video, in episode number 14, she's got a desk and a set.
Look, see the set?
It says Julian Michaels in the background and stuff.
This has got a whole set with microphones and those are fat mics.
Those are like $300 mics each.
So then we go down here.
She was on CNBC
Four weeks ago.
She was on News Nation.
She was on Fox News.
She was on Inside Edition four years ago.
Talking about the weight of people.
And then here she is at the health round table one month ago in front of the Senate.
What is she saying?
Where is the outrage?
So maybe by hitting you guys over and over, it will really piss you off.
Yes, yes.
So here I go.
During the time that we've been given to speak with you today, roughly 800 people will die of an obesity-related disease that was completely... Okay, I don't know.
This is not the whole thing.
I don't want to see this one.
I want to see the whole thing, because what she says in front of the Senate is important, especially if she's claiming vaccine injury.
I don't know if she is.
I don't think she is.
I don't want to... Oh, my gosh, look.
Fox News.
I mean...
That's extraordinary.
Okay, so we'll go back to this video.
Now remember, this is the one where I showed you in the slide deck.
This is the one where we are here.
So these videos that I showed you with Michael Schellenberger,
and Callie Means and Drew Pinsky and this lady from the Turks and Walsh and Rubin and Sabine Hazan.
They're all in this year.
They're all from the last two months.
But then here is the episode one, Keeping It Real.
Can you see that?
And then we go for actually two years of, you know, she's making videos, but not every week.
More like every three weeks or a month.
And when we get down here, we see just out of nowhere, there's this video.
And what video is it?
It is a video with Vincent Rackin' Yellow where she calls Julian Michaels' podcast, Keeping It Real, even though it wouldn't be until two years later that she would have episode one, Keeping It Real with Michael Schellenberger, followed by episode two and four and 12 and 14, 14 that we will watch in a second, but this is just unbelievable.
but really few people are getting sick.
And whenever they do, that's what you get reported, right?
Oh, the vaccine, this person was vaccinated and they got sick, they were in the hospital, but it's really rare.
It's like less than a percent of vaccinated people are getting seriously ill.
So, I think it's not right to say it doesn't work.
There are multiple vaccines here in the U.S.
We have three.
They work really well.
Yeah, you can get infected, but if you're vaccinated, you're probably not going to die.
You're probably not even going to go in a hospital.
And I think that's a pretty good trade-off to make.
And so that's why I'm fully vaccinated and everybody I know is.
So to say it doesn't work is just not right.
I'm sorry.
Everybody that I know is, is an illusion of consensus.
Her and him both being vaccinated is an illusion of consensus, like it or not.
That's the exact enchantment that all of these podcasts do.
In fact, one of the reasons why you might put me and Mark Kulak and Joe Marshall and Scott Shara in a different bucket than all these people is that we don't need an interview.
We have enough to say on our own.
We're doing enough work on our own
Organizing enough thoughts on our own that we have enough to say on our own for hours and hours of our own content.
And I would argue that Julian Michaels didn't.
I would argue that Joe Rogan doesn't.
I would argue that Brett Weinstein doesn't.
I would argue that a lot of these people actually don't have very much to say.
And that's why the majority of these people need a guest for every episode.
Doc Malek has nothing to say.
He didn't even have anything to say until three years into the pandemic.
Of course he needs an interview for every episode.
And so wouldn't it be crazy if a teacher went in front of your kids, but every day the teacher just had somebody else come in the room and interviewed them and agree that they were very smart.
How much would you think of that teacher then?
especially if that teacher called themselves a biologist or called themselves a doctor, but then actually all they ever do is interview people.
A fitness expert, but all you ever do is interview people.
An athlete and journalist, but all you ever do is interview people.
You don't come to any conclusions, then you're not a journalist, you're just a reporter.
You're not a thinker, you're just a performer.
And if you don't have a catalog of hundreds of hours of insightful things to say, then interviewing people is really useless.
It's just like, you're gonna bounce from one limited spectrum of debate to another, one magician to another.
You don't know what card tricks are.
You don't know what cutting people in half is.
You don't know what sleight of hand is.
And so all of these people can just speak to you and it's all great.
You are so smart.
I mean, I can follow that.
And if you understand how dangerous it is that some people can perhaps unwittingly be involved in this, and even now unwitting, do you think she would have gone on if Vincent Rack and Yellow said, okay, I've got some more people that I want you to interview.
And also it comes with a sponsor.
What would happen if Brett Weinstein or Joe Rogan or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Elon Musk called her and said, I've got a list of people I want you to interview.
I want to boost your podcast.
I think you're really great.
Why don't you start with Michael Schellenberger?
Here's his contact information.
And I've got this dude who will help you make some graphics and some thumbnails and take all of that mundane work out of having a podcast.
Take all of that out of your hands so you can concentrate on your outfit and on your workout.
Sounds like a win-win to me.
Let's see how it's going in episode 14.
I'm sure you can imagine how that episode with Vincent continues, but let's not do that one.
Let's do this one instead.
I'm sitting there getting infusion.
Our entire lives have been uprooted, and my life to the drug company is worth it.
So did you see already?
Okay, so Jillian Michaels is a podcast person.
And remember her thing before this was fitness.
She has years of sporadic fitness videos regularly there every three weeks, every month.
But think about the fact that in her 14th episode, the list of the people that she's had and how she goes from having a white wall set
and an oversized USB microphone to having a set equivalent to that of Doc Malek or equivalent to that of Tim Pool or Joe Rogan with multiple very nice low F-stop camera views.
and sure 300 series mics.
I'm sitting there getting infusion.
Our entire lives have been uprooted and my life to the drug company is worth $1,200.
In this episode, we're going to explore one of the most polarizing and controversial topics of our time, vaccine injuries.
It's the only product in the United States where they cannot be sued for damages.
My guest today is Brianne Dresen, and she's lived through this firsthand.
My doctors didn't know what was going on.
Look at that set.
States where they cannot be polarized and infusion.
Our entire lives have been up.
Look at it.
Now, this room that I'm in right now could not accommodate a set with that, the camera that far back.
I would love to have that but I can't and I'm not complaining.
I'm just saying one of the reasons why I don't have that shot is because I would need the camera about four feet in the backyard for that in order to get that angle with the right probably would be a 50 millimeter equivalent or maybe an 80 millimeter equivalent depending on how far away I wanted it and how straight I wanted this angle to be.
But that's not like a room that she uses for other stuff at home.
It's not like a room where she's not studying at that desk like I'm studying.
She doesn't have basketball drill diagrams on the floor and all of her shoes under the couch there.
That is a dedicated space.
I don't care where it is.
And that's something that she didn't have 14 episodes ago when Michael Schellenberger was on.
And my life to the drug company is worth $1,200.
In this episode, we're going to explore.
I mean, Vincent's podcast has a studio in downtown New York.
So I don't know where she is, but I bet she's not downtown New York.
One of the most polarizing and controversial topics of our time, vaccine injuries.
It's the only product in the United States where they cannot be sued for damages.
My guest today is Brianne Drezin, and she's lived through this firsthand.
My doctors didn't know what was going on.
My doctors kept asking me, they're like, what does the drug company say?
Like, they're gone.
I don't know.
She was injured during the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine trials.
I mean, even this editing, to be very honest, with the music and with the cuts, it is well, well, well done.
This is not somebody who taught herself Adobe Premiere and is editing these clips after she records them.
And you want to see somebody who's actually taking footage and editing it the night of and putting it up the next day.
Go look at, for example, Deion Sanders' son.
He is doing it and you can see exactly how amateur it is and exactly how happy he is when he finds a new effect and then uses it all the time for like two weeks.
This is somebody who got a crew hired who already knows how to make professional level quality cuts.
I was patient number one in this study under Anthony Fauci and his department.
And in a world where the conversation around vaccines can be heated, divisive and extreme.
I mean, there's a moving thing in the back that says, keep it real with with Jillian Michaels.
It's like a it's like a morning program.
I have this.
Right.
I can make this cut with that wipe, which I can show you exactly how I did it.
And I can make this cut and that wipe.
Oh, sorry.
That's the same one.
I also have one with just a letter.
But I can show you exactly how I made that in After Effects, and that's not as fancy as what she's got here and what's going on here with the backgrounds and with these cuts and these wipes.
And this is just somebody who's dedicated many hours to doing it, and it ain't her.
Extremely nuanced, demonizing those who've experienced injuries is both hurtful and harmful to all of us.
Your constitutional right to due process, your constitutional right to a fair jury trial, if you are injured by a COVID vaccine, they're automatically gone.
your constitutional right to due process, your constitutional right to a fair jury trial.
If you're injured by a COVID vaccine, they're automatically gone.
Okay, and so now do we need to do it?
Should we do it?
Can anybody do it in the chat before I say it?
Your constitutional right to due process.
Why is this wrong?
Why is that wrong?
What is wrong with that argument?
I can give you a hint.
Aaron Siri is actually making that argument, but he made that argument using another word in front of it.
Procedural due process rights.
He said fundamental procedural due process rights.
Procedural due process only exists as a term because there is a term substantive due process.
and the fundamental right of due process is fulfilled by the CICP and the VICP because it is a process that you are due.
It is a ritual that you are due.
The ritual is designed to get you to accept the outcome regardless of whether it's good for you or bad for you.
And due process could describe a jury trial or it could describe a CICP administrative court or a VICP administrative.
They both are due process.
They both fit due process.
More importantly, they both fit the fundamental procedural due process right that Erin Seery is arguing for.
So this woman thinks she's dropping a bomb to this woman when she says the due process rights.
It's wrong.
And any lawyer worth their salt ought to be able to explain it because I'm explaining it right now, crystal clear.
and I'm pretty sure I'm darn close to right.
And if I'm not right, somebody correcting me would make progress for everyone.
Let's listen again.
And she's lived through this firsthand.
My doctors didn't know what was going on.
My doctors kept asking me, they're like, what does the drug company say?
Like they're gone, I don't know.
She was injured during the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine trials.
So I was patient number one in this study.
under Anthony Fauci's and his department.
And in a world where the conversation around vaccines can be heated, divisive, and extremely nuanced, demonizing those who've experienced injuries is both hurtful and harmful to all of us.
Your constitutional right to due process, your constitutional right to a fair jury trial,
So due process and a jury trial are separate things.
And again, I would say that the CICP and the VICP fulfill all of the requirements in our language to be due process.
Ritual that you are due, the king, you complain.
Remember, the regular guy explained it.
We needed a guy that could speak the language of the king.
That's where the lawyer comes from.
That's where that comes from.
That's why it's the oldest profession on earth.
Not the prostitute, but the lawyer.
And the process that you are due, due process means that you're due a ritual.
And that ritual plays the role of getting you to accept the outcome, good or bad.
And so you don't have fundamental procedural due process rights being violated if you're given a due process.
That is just ham-fisted bullshittery that I think is either wittingly or unwittingly being perpetuated precisely because Aaron Seery is the foremost authority on how to fight this stuff and he ain't fighting it.
What we should be talking about is the fundamental right to sue for damages over $20.
And that means that some court must have some jurisdiction over this.
And if there is no court that has any jurisdiction, then Congress is in a way stripping the jurisdiction of all the court system.
It's like taking away power from one of the three branches of government.
And that's not really allowed.
The Congress can't really do that except for under special circumstances and it should be done correctly.
And so there would be a way to use legal principles and ideas that have previous precedents in American law to successfully argue that the PrEP Act could be struck as unconstitutional on its face in the way that is written.
And that it is also possible, according to Robert Gallo himself in the article that we looked at in that podcast, that actually vaccines could be challenged as
for strict liability on the basis of them being designed incorrectly.
Now, if Jonathan Couey is right, an intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system could be shown to be dumb, then the vaccine schedule could be shown to be criminal and could be shown to be subject to strict liability because of that reason.
When is Aaron Seery gonna go on a podcast and explain any of this stuff to a reasonable level?
Is it really that complicated?
It's just too much Goldman Sachs mumbo jumbo for any normal person to understand.
So we gotta have some lady like this say these words that mean nothing together in combination.
If you're injured by a COVID vaccine, they're automatically gone.
Your constitutional rights are gone.
This show is not meant to dissuade anyone from getting a vaccination.
I mean, think about how nicely that...
was cut in there over the audio of this cut.
Those are very advanced editing things that only somebody with savvy and experience doing it would be able to do.
Watch.
They're automatically gone.
Your constitutional rights are gone.
This show is not meant to dissuade anyone from getting a vaccination.
That is professional level editing.
The timing of that, the way that this is layered in audio, this takes work and skill.
and she ain't doing it.
It's about Brianne's journey of pain, recovery, and relentless advocacy to ensure that we change the way any and all vaccine injuries are handled so that no one- We're gonna change the way that all vaccine injuries are handled?
What?
So where's the truth here?
We're not anywhere near calling the vaccine schedule criminal.
We're not anywhere near calling the investigational vaccine countermeasures transfections and transformations.
And we are in 2024.
She's on her 14th podcast trying to keep it real.
Your constitutional rights are gone.
This show is not meant to dissuade anyone from getting a vaccination.
It's about Breanne's journey of pain,
relentless advocacy to ensure that we change the way any and all vaccine injuries are handled so that no one has to suffer the same way again.
We are doing this for humanity.
We're doing this to restore the rights of every single American out there.
Join me as we tackle these hard truths and give a voice to those who have too often been silenced.
There was no help that came.
You can do that two eyes, two of the same camera trick by just putting one camera right there and one camera right there.
And then you have them shooting at the same time.
It's kind of a, it's kind of a cheap parlor trick, but it's definitely easy to do.
And I kept waiting and waiting.
Keeping it real with Jillian Michaels.
Hi.
Hey.
How are you?
Doing okay.
They're missing a big JM here.
They need a keeping it real logo right down here on the wood.
They need that.
They're missing that, yeah.
Doing okay.
The neon sign is coming.
I was afraid to do this one.
which I think you know.
But I wanted to start by reading your letter to me because I think that it will give people some understanding of where we're going with this subject matter.
And the reality is that neither of us are anti-vaxxers, right?
And we'll get to all of that.
Both of us appreciate
that modern medicine saves lives, but with everything, there's a cost-benefit analysis.
And, you know, when you explained to me, this isn't about a vaccine injury, it's about what happened after.
So I was like I don't know about this man, you know, I'm not a doctor not a phd I'm not a scientist, I don't know anything about this technology haven't done my homework on it, I'm probably not the appropriate person.
And then I got this letter and I do remember.
Meeting I put I meet at the Capitol Noel well and she's your book agent.
Yeah.
Okay.
So when I was at the Capitol testifying to the Senate about health and wellness- If I wasn't such an absolute asshole on wheels, I would probably already have a book agent too, right?
But I'm just so ornery and mean that I don't have a book agent, but she's got one.
Even though AstraZeneca, we already knew it was shitty because it was a transformation with adenovirus.
Like, I mean,
Come on, the Maha crowd.
Noel, your your person came up to me and told me about this book.
And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then she actually followed through and she emailed me and I was like, oh, God, a book about a covid vaccine injury.
Hold on.
Let me just jump in front of a bus.
And then I got this letter from you.
Hi, Jillian.
I was the woman who was injured in the clinical trials for the AstraZeneca vaccine.
My injury landed me and many others at the NIH headquarters to be researched and treated for our confirmed COVID vaccine injuries.
Then the findings of their study were buried.
Okay.
After we went rounds with the NIH and the heads of the FDA, we realized that they had no interest in addressing the harms.
And after learning the drug companies have broad immunity, we started the world's largest COVID vaccine injury support nonprofit with over 36,000 members in the United States and 20 global partnerships.
We've built an underground network of physicians, emotional support networks, and a medical grant program that has issued $880,000 to people harmed, double what the U.S.
government has paid out to date.
We're basically doing what our government should be doing.
in addition to advocates.
recompense for the people that are injured.
So they rushed it.
There are going to be people injured by the contamination.
And so this group has provided a place for them to get financial recovery money, something, something, something.
But understand what it is.
If they say they're not trying to stop the vaccine, they're not anti-vaccine, they don't really know anything about the vaccine.
it is an absolute disaster is what it is and um i'm gonna go to basketball because i don't think that we need to watch this anymore but if you wanted to you could find that on youtube and i think it's really really instructive to see what's going on here because again she was in front of the
The Senate and nobody in front of the Senate in any of those sessions has ever talked about the population pyramid as being a source of a signal that could potentially bankrupt Western nations, especially those with healthcare.
I think a lot of these nations were in the same boat, including China, and that's why it was really convenient to have a story to tell about a novel virus that could be used to sort of disguise the management,
the management using murder of this problem, this aging population.
They used a wide variety of methods to do it, but I think they did it very successfully.
And that's why, since 2020 and before, these people have agreed that
There are these viruses in the background, trillions of them, as Vincent Racaniello said, and that a new one just has that special, you know, quality of being novel.
And the worst case scenario would be endemicity, which really Vincent Racaniello already assumed had happened.
And they covered this up with a narrative about expected outcomes of the transfection that would be rolled out a year later.
And they covered that up.
And what it really is, is a background signal.
You can't differentiate between endemicity and a background signal if you have no data from the 10 years before the pandemic.
And yet, all of these people accept the same narrative and instead also accept the same narrative about all these interesting other stories that, again,
presuppose the existence of a novel virus, the mystery of whom's origin must be solved.
And that is the Scooby-Doo mystery.
It's a narrative that is specifically designed to get you to accept these other things are happening because of the gain of function virus and the spike protein that we're infecting, transfecting people with.
rather than transfection as a methodology.
And of course, that's why they say the COVID shots are bad.
Don't talk about 2020.
That's why none of them are talking about the murder that happened and the big signal that underlies it.
And that's why none of them will talk about the background signal in both the population pyramid and in the RNA that's
you know, trillions of viruses.
They won't talk about how PCR can be very accurate when used in a university and very inaccurate when used as a diagnostic in a military operation.
They won't define the products that existed before the pandemic as transfections and transformations, because then you'd realize the investigational vaccines already had names.
They won't tell you that in their purest form, neither of these methodologies would have been suitable for healthy humans because those would have been known dangers that even we go back to Jesse Gelsinger to know the truth about that.
They're definitely not gonna tell you that the transformation and transfection in cell culture is what virology is because then the grift of the no virus people would be exposed and that whole sort of limited spectrum of debate would fall apart.
And that's also why nobody will just say,
that RNA cannot pandemic because then the whole house of cards would collapse.
Don't forget ladies and gentlemen this was me and this is you every time you get on social media and think there's a chance that somebody might go viral and save us.
That's not how this works and it hasn't worked that way in a long time and maybe never.
definitely weaponized piles of money have put acolytes in front of us and tricked us into arguing with them.
Arguing with them has gotten us to accept this narrative and we're now passing it on to our children.
If we do that, our children will be in the same situation that we found ourselves in at the beginning of the pandemic.
trying to sort out a mystery that gets us enslaved.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining me.
If you haven't seen it, please watch the Dear Senator Ron Johnson video.
I'm very proud of the thoroughness of that message.
Again, these are a list of things that people won't talk about, and I think you can see through people when you use this as a filter.
Remember that endemicity cannot be differentiated from a background when you don't have any data from the decade before the pandemic started.
And remember that the way they're getting away with it is by not talking about 2020.
I love it, ladies and gentlemen.
I love it.
I can't wait.
November 3rd is coming really fast.
If you haven't made any plans, make sure you do.
Try to be here in Bethel Park on Sunday the 3rd.
It'll definitely be worth your time to be here.
If you haven't, please already go to gigaohmbiological.com and see if there's a way you might be able to support us.
We need all the help we can get right now.
So thank you very much.
And if you share the stream, share it at stream.gigaohm.bio because we pay for that one.
Thanks very much.
See you soon.
Don't forget, live in Bethel Park on November 3rd.
I would really love it if the entire chat would be there in person.
I know that's not possible, but you know, it's just a nice thing to think about.
Thanks for joining me.
See you again tomorrow.